templates/boilerplate-template/README.md, before:

## Create Aptos Dapp Boilerplate Template

The Boilerplate template provides a starter dapp with all necessary dapp infrastructure and a simple wallet info implementation.


## The Boilerplate template provides:

- **Folder structure** - A pre-made dapp folder structure with a `frontend` and `move` folders.
- **Dapp infrastructure** - All required dependencies a dapp needs to start building on the Aptos network.
- **Wallet Info implementation** - Pre-made `WalletInfo` components to demonstrate how one can use to read a connected Wallet info.

### What tools the template uses?

- React framework
- Vite development tool
- shadcn/ui + tailwind for styling
- Aptos TS SDK
- Aptos Wallet Adapter
- Node based Move commands

### What Move commands are available?

The tool utilizes [aptos-cli npm package](https://github.com/aptos-labs/aptos-cli) that lets us run Aptos CLI in a Node environment.

Some commands are built-in the template and can be ran as a npm script, for example:

- `npm run move:init` - a command to initialize an account to publish the Move contract and to configure the development environment
- `npm run move:publish` - a command to publish the Move contract
- `npm run move:test` - a command to run Move unit tests
- `npm run move:compile` - a command to compile the Move contract
- `npm run deploy` - a command to deploy the dapp to Vercel

For all other available CLI commands, can run `npx aptos` and see a list of all available commands.

Commit message:

Instruct devs to read the README file on template generation and make sure each template README file mentiones the docs on aptos.dev (#200)

templates/boilerplate-template/README.md, after:

## Create Aptos Dapp Boilerplate Template

The Boilerplate template provides a starter dapp with all necessary dapp infrastructure and a simple wallet info implementation, transfer APT and a simple message board functionality to send and read a message on chain.

## Read the Boilerplate template docs
To get started with the Boilerplate template and learn more about the template functionality and usage, head over to the [Boilerplate template docs](https://aptos.dev/en/build/create-aptos-dapp/templates/boilerplate) 


## The Boilerplate template provides:

- **Folder structure** - A pre-made dapp folder structure with a `frontend` and `contract` folders.
- **Dapp infrastructure** - All required dependencies a dapp needs to start building on the Aptos network.
- **Wallet Info implementation** - Pre-made `WalletInfo` components to demonstrate how one can use to read a connected Wallet info.
- **Trasnfer APT implementation** - Pre-made `transfer` components to send APT to an address.
- **Message board functionality implementation** - Pre-made `message` components to send and read a message on chain


## What tools the template uses?

- React framework
- Vite development tool
- shadcn/ui + tailwind for styling
- Aptos TS SDK
- Aptos Wallet Adapter
- Node based Move commands

## What Move commands are available?

The tool utilizes [aptos-cli npm package](https://github.com/aptos-labs/aptos-cli) that lets us run Aptos CLI in a Node environment.

Some commands are built-in the template and can be ran as a npm script, for example:

- `npm run move:init` - a command to initialize an account to publish the Move contract and to configure the development environment
- `npm run move:publish` - a command to publish the Move contract
- `npm run move:test` - a command to run Move unit tests
- `npm run move:compile` - a command to compile the Move contract
- `npm run deploy` - a command to deploy the dapp to Vercel

For all other available CLI commands, can run `npx aptos` and see a list of all available commands.
